Privacy Policy
The reason why giftglobal.ng collects your personal information is to help customers use our service more conveniently and more satisfactorily as well as to help us provide you efficient service. The information we collect includes your name, telephone number. You have the right to decide not to accept any information from us at any time.

Privacy Security

We will adopt proper step to protect your privacy. Whenever you provide us sensitive information, we will adopt proper step to protect your sensitive information. Also we will adopt proper security method to protect the stored personal information. Unless otherwise specified in legal or governmental compulsory provision, we will not disclose any of your personal information to third parties (including company or individual) without your permission. However, if you ask us to provide particular customer support service or send some goods to you, we need to provide your name and address to the third party such as transportation company. Our site will provide the link of a third party. We advise you read the privacy policy on these third parties’ website.

Privacy Principles

Since your privacy is paramount for us, so giftglobal.ng who published this privacy statement will manage the private information according to the following principles. When giftglobal.ng needs to identify your identity or contact with you, we will straightforwardly inquire necessary information, which is your personal information. Generally speaking, when you register on our site and ask us to provide transaction service, this information will be inquired. giftglobal.ng will use some effective methods to confirm the validity and effectiveness of your personal information. giftglobal.ng will public your personal information with your consent or under the law in order to protect the security of giftglobal.ng and our customers. If you don’t think giftglobal.ng obey these principles at any time, please contact us timely. We will do our best to perfect this issue within a reasonable time frame.

Cookies

Cookies are a technology sending from a network server to your browser and stored in computer hard disk. When you visit our website in future, the cookies will record your activity, personal profile, browse habits, consuming habits even credit record. Using cookies will help us know which website is popular, so that you can get better service in your future browsing of our site. Meanwhile please set your heart at rest that we will not follow your personal information.