Terms & Conditions
1.0   “We” refers to giftglobal.ng (a website owned by GIFT GLOBAL INVESTMENT LIMITED) and “You” refers to anyone using the service of giftglobal.ng
 
1.1   We are not a financial institution but we are simply a currency Exchanger .  We are an Independent E-currency Exchange (Swap body) Service Provider.
 
1.3   We offer our services to only Nigerians resident in Nigeria and abroad. We do not offer ecurrency services to U.S. or residents of the U.S.

1.4   Our service is available to verified customers. Any deposit made to our bank account without following due process as contained on our website will not be treated. Such customer's payment will be refunded to same account while all bank charges will be deducted. 

1.5   We do accept cash payments in our office or through our bank accounts listed on our website.  
                                                                        
1.6   We have provided our E-currency account numbers on this website. However, customer willing to spend his/her E-currency to us is required to contact us before doing so.
 
1.7   You are responsible for supplying your correct E-currency account number. In the event that your fund is sent to a wrong account because you supplied a wrong account number, we will not be liable for any loss you may incur. 
 
1.8   You will not use our services for money laundering or fraud activities. 
 
1.9   We will keep records of all transactions and we will make them available to relevant authorities when necessary. 
 
2.0   We respect the privacy of our clients and will not share your information with anybody. 
 
2.1   All transactions are concluded within 1 - 24 hours. If there is any delay in your account funding or withdrawal, you will get in touch through our contact details on our website.

2.2   In the case you are spending your E-currency to us. We pay into your bank account the equivalent amount of the E-currency we receive in our account. The reduction in the amount paid into your bank account is due to the receiving fee the payment processor charge on all transactions.  
                 
2.3   We pay you the exact amount of the E-currency payment we receive in our E-currency account. Please note this, you are the one to bear the receiving fund fee at a particular time you make a spend to us.

2.4   In the event that your withdrawal was suspended, returned and/or cancelled by the money processor for any reason. You are bound to make a full refund of any cash received from us.

2.5   E-currency funding is final. You can not request a refund of your money once your e-currency account has been funded. 
                                                          
2.6   Bank Account funding is final. You can not request a refund of your E-currency once your Bank account has been deposited otherwise you will need to place a buying order to the company again.

2.7   We reserve the right to change the price of any of our products by posting the information on our website. Note that a mail may not be sent to a customer for any changes in the price.
 
2.8   We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. 
 
2.9   We do not accept registrations from individuals or companies based in the United States of the America. This includes US citizens residing overseas. If you fall under the above mentioned category or a US resident, please do not register an account with us nor place any kind of exchange at all. We apologize for inconvenience caused.

3.0   By using any of our services, you agree to be bound by these terms as stated here.